there was a tinkle chocolate they
couldn't kick a ball and every time they
tried to they say to wait oh and
then they came to ivory and that was
rather dumb this all the Arsenal fans
could do is love and love and laugh
and then they came this gases contain
they light the lamp Smith v fruta Merson
Emerson fan the gap he rolled it under
crop lower into this castle cow and even
Brian Moore said the house news on a
roll
we kept the pressure on them until the
very end we even sent their manager
completely ran the pain we Adam left we
had a right we I did be a spin and where
do you think they'll Glee she's in a
loony bin
Weaver they're trying to no man it would
you believe we Verde is the dough is the
world has ever seen
he'll kick you in the right leg he'll
kick you in the left and if you kick him
back again he'll crush you to the red
ah
when I went to Europe they didn't give
us a chance we Begnaud in Torino and
bash them up in France and then we went
to Denmark where we had a bowl and I'll
still won the Cup Winners Cup and
Tottenham won Farkle we flew into Genoa
it was rainy wearing them no one said
we'd do it against the mighty Sam but
Rory got a trickle and scored in every
round and seaman was the Kimura and
Lombardo was a clam
mr. Alan sugar say tennis was too dear
but so far this season he's the Player
of the Year
now you be very careful he'll leave you
on your ass and everyone at Arsenal
knows the fur camp is well class
Wenger asked the genie over Lighting's
lamp who's the deadly Dutchman they call
Dennis Bergkamp the genie said to winger
that dennis is the best cuz he got one
against the hits and set up all the rest
we went up to Manchester one Saturday in
spring one nil to the Arsenal where a
certain ring a flick on from an elk up
and over mouth got the winner and by the
time there was our past one we're dead
menu the dinner
in his first year of Man United
teddy one no silver well he ended up
like Tottenham we've nothing to declare
and as for Expo Scotchmen routine we
love to eight Wenger Nick Jacques title
in 1998
two new vanity LC they full day at a
speed but car new pedal through your
defense women's size 15 feet he took it
to the byline and skip branded the boy
and when he killed it faster 440 gunas
jump for joy
now have you heard the story about the
year that ends in one Arsenal's kinda
card it and top them they come come
we beat and then and not to man and left
them all in tears cuz everyone at
Arsenal knows that you'll be for
years
god bless Tony Adams he's our captain of
our team he used to drink Dom Perignon
but now he's squeaky clean he started
reading poetry and William Shakespeare
the man they call the donkey is off the
Ansem beer
we've always had the rhythm but now we
have got South place your bets on
Arsenal we're about to rock and roll
forget your parcel owners and your real
madrid's cuz we got top them's captain
furnish man's off the hits
Oh
a legend of the Arsenal his name is
Charlie George he comes from Danner
Kelly just near the swimming pool I
often see inside this gambling in the
spill and if you cannot find him there
you'll be in William Hill
the grand old lady octarine walks into
ivory but Arsenal sent them packing
back off to easily ten its mesmerize
them late in the second half 11 touches
and a flick run into Freddie's pass
little Freddie Ljungberg a studies barn
it read
we know you come from Sweden but you're
gonna bone and Fred he won the Cup for
our school beside the river time and
then we catch the double whopper unite
its gap
a TI and 9090 fixin ends default right
defenders of the fiber worth the high
king cole i really reputations of any a
superstar
just like Alan Shearer and Eric Cantona